Update outdated code in KubernetesPodOperator docs (#571)
astronomer/docs: astro/kubernetespodoperator.md

Astro automatically allocates resources to Pods created by the KubernetesPodOperator. Resources used by the KubernetesPodOperator are not technically limited, meaning that the operator could theoretically use any CPU and memory that's available in your Cluster to complete a task. Because of this, we recommend specifying [compute resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) per task.

To do so, define a `kubernetes.client.models.V1ResourceRequirements` object and provide that to the `resources` argument of the KubernetesPodOperator:

```python {20}
from airflow.configuration import conf
from airflow.providers.cncf.kubernetes.operators.kubernetes_pod import KubernetesPodOperator
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

> compute_resources = k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
>     limits={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}, requests={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute_resources = k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
    limits={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"},
    requests={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}
)
```

namespace = conf.get("kubernetes", "NAMESPACE")

KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace=namespace,
    image="<your-docker-image>",
    cmds=["<commands-for-image>"],
    arguments=["<arguments-for-image>"],
    labels={"<pod-label>": "<label-name>"},
    name="<pod-name>",
    is_delete_operator_pod=True,
    in_cluster=True,
    resources=compute_resources,
    task_id="<task-name>",
    get_logs=True,
)
```

> Applying the code above ensures that Kubernetes allocates exactly 800m of CPU and 3Gi of memory to your task's Pod at all times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the code above ensures that when this DAG runs, it will launch a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 800m of CPU and 3Gi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your Cluster. Once the task finishes, the Pod will terminate gracefully.
```
